# Blog with Hexagonal Pattern

## Project Description:

This project is designed using the hexagonal pattern, which involves restructuring the classic Symfony directory structure.

Inside the `src` directory, we have different layers of the application:

1. `Domain`: In this layer, we have the entities and fixture generation for the different entities.
2. `Application`: In this layer, we have the different use cases, DTOs, and data transformers. All business logic is in this layer.
3. `Infrastructure`: In this layer, we have different API endpoints with autogenerated documentation. Each endpoint calls a use case from the `Application` layer. This layer is also responsible for communicating with the `Domain` layer, getting and setting data.

## Installation:

To install this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `composer install`.
3. Configure the database.
4. Create the database with the command `php bin/console doctrine:database:create`.
5. Run the migrations with the command `php bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate -n`.
6. Load the fixtures with the command `php bin/console doctrine:fixtures:load -n`.
7. Run the tests. The tests do not require a database.
8. The documentation is autogenerated and is available at the URL `/api/doc.json`.

## Testing:

The testing of projects follows the same patron, each layer is tested separated, without using a database. Actually, we have 30 tests, and the execution time is lower than a second.

We use mocks class for the repositories, because the persist is not important if the data validation is correct, the database in this environment is unnecessary.